Update Regex, Cache, File, Xmldata, Task and Xslt BBEs (#2954)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/cache-basics/cache_basics.md

# Cache basics

> The `cache` library provides an in-memory cache implementation APIs by default with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cache` library provides an in-memory cache implementation APIs with the
```

> The `cache` library provides an in-memory cache implementation APIs by default with the
> `Least Recently Used` algorithm-based eviction policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cache` library provides an in-memory cache implementation APIs and uses the `Least Recently Used` algorithm-based eviction policy.
```

> 
> For more information on the underlying module, see the [Cache module](https://docs.central.ballerina.io/ballerina/cache/latest/).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the underlying module, see the [Cache module](https://docs.central.ballerina.io/ballerina/cache/latest/).

This example illustrates basic operations provided by the `cache` library.
```

# Cache basics

> The `cache` library provides an in-memory cache implementation APIs and 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `cache` library provides in-memory cache implementation APIs and 
```

uses the `Least Recently Used` algorithm-based eviction policy.

For more information on the underlying module, see the [`cache` module](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/cache/latest/).

> This example illustrates basic operations provided by the `cache` library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example illustrates the basic operations provided by the `cache` library.
```

::: code cache_basics.bal :::

> To run this sample, use the `bal run` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run this sample, use the `bal run` command.
```
The command should be added in the `.out` file with the $sign. Please check and fix all the occurrences.

Author: All the commands added in the `.out` file with the $sign
